README.md, before:

# Jupyterpost: post from Jupyterhub to a Mattermost server

## Enabling jupyterpost

1. Create a bot user on your Mattermost server and get its token.
2. Add the following at the end of your Jupyterhub config file.

```python
from jupyterpost import configure_jupyterhub

configure_jupyterhub(
    c,
    mattermost_token="your mattermost token",
    mattermost_url="https://your.mattermost.server/api/v4/",
    mattermost_team="your mattermost team name",
    jupyterpost_url="https://services.your.jupyterhub/services/jupyterpost",
)
```
This will:

* add a new service `jupyterpost` to your Jupyterhub
* give all users *and their servers* access to this service
* provide the service URL to the user's server as an environment variable `JUPYTERPOST_URL`

The function is somewhat fragile, but should work for standard Jupyterhub installations.

## Using jupyterpost

```python
from jupyterpost import post
from matplotlib import pyplot

pyplot.plot([0, 1])
post(
    message="Check out my plot",
    channel="my-channel",  # Or "@username"
    attachment=pyplot.gcf(),  # Or png bytes
)
```

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please open an issue or a pull request.

Specifically I would like to support more chat services, and more ways to post messages.

Tests would also be great huehuehue.

Commit message:

extend readme with instructions on using from outside

README.md, after:

# Jupyterpost: post from Jupyterhub to a Mattermost server

## Enabling jupyterpost

1. Create a bot user on your Mattermost server and get its token.
2. Add the following at the end of your Jupyterhub config file.

```python
from jupyterpost import configure_jupyterhub

configure_jupyterhub(
    c,
    mattermost_token="your mattermost token",
    mattermost_url="https://your.mattermost.server/api/v4/",
    mattermost_team="your mattermost team name",
    jupyterpost_url="https://services.your.jupyterhub/services/jupyterpost",
)
```
This will:

* add a new service `jupyterpost` to your Jupyterhub
* give all users *and their servers* access to this service
* provide the service URL to the user's server as an environment variable `JUPYTERPOST_URL`

The function is somewhat fragile, but should work for standard Jupyterhub installations.

## Using jupyterpost

```python
from jupyterpost import post
from matplotlib import pyplot

pyplot.plot([0, 1])
post(
    message="Check out my plot",
    channel="my-channel",  # Or "@username"
    attachment=pyplot.gcf(),  # Or png bytes
)
```

### Posting from outside of your Jupyterhub

1. Get the variables `JUPYTERPOST_URL` and `JPY_API_TOKEN` from your Jupyterhub server.
2. Provide them to `jupyterpost.post` as additional arguments and connect from anywhere!

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please open an issue or a pull request.

Specifically I would like to support more chat services, and more ways to post messages.

Tests would also be great huehuehue.
